CNV-70942: Start a VM console session RN (#104299)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/release_notes/virt-4-21-release-notes.adoc

+
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CNV-66115[CNV-66115]

Starting a virtual machine console from the tree-view::

> You can now start a virtual machine console directly from the tree-view in the web console, without navigating to the virtual machine details page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now start a virtual machine (VM) console session by clicking on the name of the running VM in the navigation panel, and then selecting *Open Console*.
```
